hello I don't know what you're gonna
call us so when would I sleep when I'm
not holding no it's not unreasonable at
all
excuse me take it to boss ladies on a
warpath this morning any morning door
you always mean I got big and I got rich
so now we're gonna check me boo
I wish you
everyone else you're a child so you have
to start acting like it
get back to work whose child is this
walk around here in a tiny pink pantsuit
what's Child Protective Services
enrolled this child in school or
somebody is going to jail let somebody
do you mean the daughter is adorable I
could tell that you are a special young
lady if I could get I feel like I'd get
you to see you feeling what I'm feeling
no I'm not feeling that at all don't
don't look at me like that just look
look look the other way look through it
look the look up there you have a chance
anyone would kill for it
maybe you have to do something
differently at this age Botox
think you're the boss of me say one more
thing I dare you you're too fat for that
skirt okay see I've been looking at you
like a little girl but she's a grown-ass
woman we have a BMW situation black mama
whooping yes ma'am you're my mom
[Music]